## Summary of the business task:

The business task was to determine Bellabeat’s marketing strategies to grow their client base. I did this by finding trends of smart device usage data that could be related to one of Bellabeat’s products.

Bellabeats is a Health technology company that manufactures wellness products for women. 
The primary stakeholders are Urska Srsen, Cofounder and Chief Creative Officer, and Sando Mur, Cofounder and mathematician. The secondary stakeholders are the Data Analyst team.

## Description of the Data Sources Used

Fitbit Fitness Tracker Data made available by Mobius - Generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 04.12.2016-05.12.2016.

The data is organized into 18 CSV files. The files are in long and wide data format. 

## Data Modeling and ETL

I modeled the data by creating the tables using DDL on Postgresql and importing the CSV files into those tables. I also imported CSV files into Google Sheets.

## Documentation of Any Cleaning or Manipulation of Data:  Here

The tools I used to clean the data were SQL and Google Sheets. I used SQL for the large files and Google Sheets for the smaller files.

After cleaning the data, I verified it was clean and ready to analyze by making sure the data answered the business task and by looking at the files that were cleaned and comparing those to the original files. 

## Transformation of Data

I created tables by joining the tables that included calories data, steps data and activity intensity data for further analysis. 

I created bins of calorie ranges and times of day to get aggregated data for those bins.

After the transformations, I loaded the final tables into Tableau using a Postgresql connector.

## A Summary of Analysis: Here

I primarily sorted the files by Id and date. I also sorted the data by average calories burned descending. I made sure to format the dates to standardized date format. 

## Supporting Visualizations and Key Findings: Here

## Top High-level Recommendations Based on Your Analysis: Here

I would like to look at more data related to sleep and stress to enhance the work that I’ve done. 
